all right guys um welcome back to my
pokemon down pearl walkthrough okay so
now we're off to find Roark and he'll be
down if you go down south of the Pokemon
Center you'll see the orbit of mine and
this is where you find work so yeah oh
yes about it I'll have my bag I do
something I do dude since this is a oh
crap wouldn't mean do that sorry um
since this is a rock-type gym grass will
be very effective now if you chose to
charge your star talk a lot of people do
um this gym will be a challenge free cuz
fire types like that effective and this
gym cut rock and you chose Turtwig or
Piplup it will he'll be you'll be okay I
think unless you're just a really bad
trainer I'm
i guess nobody tell that bad to lose to
the rock gym with a grass-type unless
you know this is your first time playing
the game or whatever but offside the
point um so you got the miners then this
and the miners in order to norbert mine
well they will battle you but you know
i'm not feeling up to battling them i
will batter them later as you short all
right stand back watch this wow I'm so
pressed for it and you don't remember
that TM that you got an orb or gate yeah
you remember that um he getting that guy
gave rock smash right well after you
beat Rourke you'll be able to use rock
smash outside of battle so I'm gonna run
for all these battles save a little bit
time oh look all right I got it all
rights potion there's also lots and lots
of items down here and who doesn't love
items one time my first playthrough of
the game um I actually had too many
items that said I can give more arms and
all really frustrated but huh I guess
that makes sense I guess in a way
oh the orb or mine is really good place
to train comes annoying now oh well I
said about that I chimchar not being
really good are not really effective i
guess i should say in this gym well if
you fall into my inferno okay let's see
i found work alright anyways if you
evolve into my fur now and you learn cuz
you oughta max what are much punch when
you give all under my friend out the gym
will be like easier so yeah me my has a
look and for some reason I always evolve
tin cho like kill the balls right ripe
for again either over gate and i don't
know why that happens to me but it
always does of course I'm not gonna
complain about it it's good the unch
caves or fast on a grass type of move
around but nobody of a deal is when well
almost one hit KO just about every
Pokemon in this gym
mean I could all I have his tackle
withdrawal and oh come on I was so
stupid go dung was really dumb oh I'll
shoot absorb again basic care about it
Oh
oh yeah I'm gonna put this out there has
nothing to do the walkthrough or
anything okay I'm sure with this out
there that i have downloaded this thing
called show d i'm hoping i was that
showed you battle or whatever and i'm
new too but if you want about me my
using there's punky ranger 93 and i'm
not that good yet been practicing and
we're back to author see you don't have
to you know you'll have to battle these
trainers but i want to it's just for fun
it's gonna take no time though Oh stuff
this week i stupid doing all this huh um
bad thing about hyper Kansas I can't see
how it's time I've done so although
anyways it was kind of we're doing Gym
the gym posers and then doing Rourke and
say videos so I'll do Rourke next video
I promise I was pretty easy one kick KO
church lake is probably like uh it's
probably though I guess not the worst in
the world that he's probably the least
best of the starters I guess I just say
so look I would raise early hey
to reduce me breathing into the mic I've
put my microphone mine neck and just
that headset so I folded the little
thingy the mic part of it up and so you
might stay me read into the mic a little
bit but um I'm sorry if I do oh yeah
buddy I just went hit KO de Nanak well
this is nothing to be proud about that's
a little late oh well oh I got think I
could still be proud of myself hey now
um Rourke he is hard uh to an extent
because he does have a crane tattos so
thank you guys for watching and I'll see
you next time bye